# console-runner

The utility is used to run unicorn tests from console.

To run tests use the following command:
```
Unicorn.ConsoleRunner.exe --test-assembly=path_to_tests_dll --config=path_to_config
```

## Command line arguments
#### Required arguments:
--test-assembly=PATH_TO_TEST_ASSEMBLY  
--config=PATH_TO_CONFIGURATION_FILE

#### Optional arguments:
--trx=TRX_FILE_NAME    (trx is not generated by default)

## Example unicorn config file
```json
{
    "testsDependency": "Skip",
    "testsOrder": "Random",
    "parallel": "Suite",
    "threads": 2,
    "testTimeout": 15,
    "suiteTimeout": 60,
    "tags": [ "Tag1", "Tag2" ],
    "categories": [ "Smoke" ],
    "tests": [ ],
    "userDefined": {
        "customProperty1": "value1",
        "customProperty2": "value2"
    }
}    
```


## Config properties
Any of properties is optional (in case of property absence default value is used)

**testsDependency**: specifies how to deal with dependent tests in case when main test was failed. Available options  
-- Skip  
-- DoNotRun  
-- Run (default)  

**testsOrder**: specifies in which order to run tests within a suite. Available options  
-- Alphabetical  
-- Random  
-- Declaration (default)  

**parallel**: specifies how to parallel tests execution. Available options  
-- Suite  
-- None (default)  

**threads**: specifies how many threads are used to run tests in parallel. Default: 1  
**testTimeout**: specifies timeout for test and suite method execution in minutes. Default: 15  
**suiteTimeout**: specifies timeout for test suite execution in minutes. Default: 40  
**tags**: list of suites tags to be run. Default: [empty == all]  
**categories**: list of test categories to be run. Default: [empty == all]  
**tests**: list of tests masks to be run. Default: [empty == all]  
**userDefined**: parent for user defined properties. Any number of custom properties as key-value pair could be specified
